Our database and tables are ready.
We need to implement an object in Java that will map to that table.
We are going to use Java all our M.
So object relationship model model.
It means that we have java object.
That is the exact image of the database of the data structure that we have on the database.
So going to create.
Class.
We call it user.
I mean, have its target.
And this class is the.
The class that will represent my using database.
So all the information that I have on my database table, I will have to audit here.
So I have private long I.D..
Private string.
First thing.
Last name.
Private string email.
Private drink.
Buzzer.
Now to end all these private fields, I will need getters and setters.
And we need a constructor to the class.
This is where the dependency that's the dependency called Lombok that I mentioned.
It will facilitate the work that we have to do.
So I will use this annotation getter.
And these are notation setter.
And these will.
We look.
Create and generate getters and setters for every field on this in this entity.
So on this object.
You will see it when you interact with it is as if you generated to get their ancestors or selves.
It's not only forget those ancestors that need, it is also allows to generate constructors and other
things like that to string.
For example, you can also do that.
Two string generated two string metal in a standard way for everything.
And that also sought to generate constructors in constructors in this case.
I don't want that.
I want to have my own constructor defined.
So I will, uh, generate constructor for all methods.
Okay, but I'm going to make this constructor private.
The reason for this, we are going to use Java pattern, which is the factory method.
So if I want to create a new user, I will not use the constructor to do that.
I will have static methods type user.
Called off.
It is the factory method pattern.
So it will be first name.
String.
Last name.
Email string.
Password.
And then I will return.
Any misuse of user.
No first name, last name, email and password.
Okay.
And because this constructor is private, it can be used here but cannot be used outside.
So you will never be able to create anything with the constructor.
You lose it with this method.
You see that?
The ads?
No.
The ad is managed by the database.
We define it as an identity field.
And in fact, here we also have to to give this information to a string.
So we need to annotate these fields with ID.
This one from our Spring Framework Data and a patient ID.
Need to be careful because there is also another famous idea annotation from Java Persistence.
That's not what we need in this case.
So we need this or spring framework data annotation ID.
This is the one we should use.
And one last thing missing this constructor we are going to annotate with persistence constructor.
Okay, so this is total spring.
This is the constructor.
That's my GBC spring data GDC will use when mapping data from user to here.
This is what we want to have.
And for the moment, this is a.
Everything we need.
We don't need to get those ancestors because Lombok will do this for us.
So we have a model that represents our database going to live presentation mode.
My file is ready.
I relaunched the application to make sure I didn't break anything that still compact compiles it.
I don't have any error.
So the application is running.
Now the only thing missing is to commit my changes.
So step three more already and I can commit and go to the next step.